1. Youa are reviewing the IP address associated to an alert generated by Microsoft Defender for Endpoint.
You need to identify the number of managed devices that successfully connected to the IP address during the previous 30 days.
Which section can you use to identify the device?
() IP details
() Alerts
() Observed in organizations
() Prevalence

2. You plan to submit several files for deep file analysis in Microsoft Defender for Endpoint.
Which two file types can you submit?
Each correct answer is a complete solution.
[] .ps1
[] .com
[] .exe
[] .dll
[] .cmd

3. You are reviewing an incident generated by Microsoft Defender for Endpoint for a portable executable file.
You need to identify the registry changes that occur when the fiels executes.
What should you use?
() investigations
() Deep analysis
() Threat analytics
() Threat intelligence

4. You company has a Microsoft 365 subscription.
Several alerts are recently triggered.
You need to review the details of the alert, including additional relevant information, from Microsoft 365 Defender.
What should you review?
() the incident
() the signal
() the indicator
() the entiry behavior

5. You manage Microsoft 365 Defender incidents.
You need to configure determination for an incident from the Microsoft 365 Defender portal.
What should you configure first?
() Classification
() Status
() Assign to
() Incident name

6. You need to assign a built-in Azure Active Directory role to a user named Admin1. 
Admin1 must be able to configure incident email notifications in Microsoft 365 Defender.
The solution must satisfy the principle of least privilege.
Which role should you use?
() Global Administrator
() Security Operator
() Security Administrator
() Security Reader

7. You plan to run advanced hunting queries against Microsoft 365 Defender data.
What is the maximum date range for the data queries?
() 24 hours
() 7 days
() 30 days
() 365 days

8. You manage Microsoft 365 Defender in Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS) environment.
You plan to run advanced hunting queries against Microsoft 365 Defender data.
You need to identify the schema table that contains the system events from the Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS) domain controllers.
Which schema table should you identify?
() IdentityDirecoryEvents
() IdentityInfo
() IdentityLogonEvents
() IdentityQueryEvents

9. You need to automate the response to Microsoft Defender for Cloud security alert.
Which Azure resource should you use?
() Logic app
() Automation runbook
() Function app
() Security Center workbook

10. You configured a suppression rule for a Microsoft Defender for cloud alert.
You need to identify the alerts that are supressed due to the alert rule.
What should you do?
() From Microsoft Defender for Cloud, open the Activity log.
() From Microsoft Defender for Cloud, open the Microsoft Defender for Cloud Blade.
() From Microsoft Defender for Cloud, open the list of security alerts, and search for Clossed alerts.
() From Microsoft Defender for Cloud, open the list of security alerts, and search for Dimissed alerts.



